Tutorial: How to do a phased rollout (#6891)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/phased-rollout.md

> **Using experiments:** If you want to track the impact your rollout has on key metrics, you can create an experiment for it. After doing this, you can edit the underlying feature flag to match your first phase like you do in a [holdout test](/tutorials/holdout-testing).

After creating your flag, go to your app to implement it. For example, in a Next.js app, your feature might look like this:

```js
// app/page.js
'use client'
import { usePostHog } from 'posthog-js/react'
import { useEffect, useState } from 'react'

export default function Home() {

  const [flag, setFlag] = useState(false)
  const posthog = usePostHog()

  useEffect(() => {
    const ph_flag = posthog.isFeatureEnabled('phased-rollout') 

    if (typeof ph_flag !== 'undefined') {
      setFlag(ph_flag)
    }
  }, [])

  return (
    <>
      <h1>Phased rollout</h1>
      <h2>{flag ? 'You are in!' : 'Not yet!'}</h2>
    </>
  )
}
```

When it is time for the next phase of the rollout, all you do is update the flag in PostHog with the next rollout phase group (percentage or properties) and press save. The flag then becomes active for the next phase of users.

## Using cohorts for phased rollouts

> A good way to organize rollout phases when using feature flags is cohorts. These able you to define all your rollout phases and the beginning of the process and simply swap them in the feature flag. If you repeatedly do phased rollouts, you can also reuse them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good way to organize rollout phases when using feature flags is cohorts. These enable you to define all your rollout phases and the beginning of the process and simply swap them in the feature flag. You can also reuse them if you run repeated phase rollouts. 
```
